README.md, before:

here are some PKGBUILDs i've either modified or written over the years.
some of them are for Arch Linux, some of them are for MSYS2,
some of them work with both.
heads up: these are likely to be out of date.

### mingw-w64-nim-git

patches nim to compile with MSYS2, and use MSYS2 paths/DLLs.
a few things aren't working yet, but the core functionality is there.

### mingw-w64-tbox

patches tbox to compile/run with MSYS2.
*a lot of stuff* isn't working yet.

### n64-toolkit

compiles a cross-compiler for N64 homebrew.
works on both Arch and MSYS2.

i need to rename this package at some point.
currently, it doesn't follow any guidelines.

### xml2

modified to download from a mirror.
the original URL is offline.

## mxe-plugins

there's some mxe stuff in this repo too.
just add the directory to your plugins variable, like this:
```
make ffmpeg MXE_PLUGIN_DIRS=/path/to/PKGBUILDs/mxe-plugins/notwa
```

### ffmpeg

this package has been tweaked to build a more recent version
and to enable(-nonfree) some stuff they tell you not to.
there's licensing conflicts, so don't redistribute the resulting binaries.

### mxe

just leaving this here as a TODO…

Commit message:

add ladspa package and split files

README.md, after:

here are some PKGBUILDs i've either modified or written over the years.
some of them are for Arch Linux, some of them are for MSYS2,
some of them work with both.
heads up: these are likely to be out of date.

### mingw-w64-nim-git

patches nim to compile with MSYS2, and use MSYS2 paths/DLLs.
a few things aren't working yet, but the core functionality is there.

### mingw-w64-tbox

patches tbox to compile/run with MSYS2.
*a lot of stuff* isn't working yet.

### n64-toolkit

compiles a cross-compiler for N64 homebrew.
works on both Arch and MSYS2.

i need to rename this package at some point.
currently, it doesn't follow any guidelines.

### xml2

modified to download from a mirror.
the original URL is offline.

## mxe-plugins

there's some mxe stuff in this repo too.
just add the directory to your plugins variable, like this:
```
make ffmpeg MXE_PLUGIN_DIRS=/path/to/PKGBUILDs/mxe-plugins/notwa
```

### ffmpeg

this package has been tweaked to build a more recent version
and to enable(-nonfree) some stuff they tell you not to.
there's licensing conflicts, so don't redistribute the resulting binaries.

### ladspa

this is a simple package that just downloads and installs `ladspa.h`.

### mxe

just leaving this here as a TODO…
